THIRD AMENDMENT TO DECLARATION
OF COVENANTS, CONDITIONS AND RESTRCITIONS
THIS THIRD AMENDMENT is made the 5th day of
June
, 2002.
WHEREAS, the undersigned constitute seventy-five percent (75%) of the votes of
the Owners of lots in Winston Hills plats of record in Plat Book 17, page 374 and Plat Book 18,
page 218; and
WHEREAS, said lots are encumbered by that certain Declaration of Covenants,
Conditions and Restrictions, of record in Record Book 982, page 242, Register's Office for
Covenants, Conditions and Restrictions recorded in Record Book 1025, page 799, said
Register's Office and by that certain Second Amended Declaration of Covenants, Conditions and
Restrictions recorded in Record Book 1488 page 509 , said Register's Office (collectively,
the "Declaration"); and
WHEREAS, the undersigned desires to amend the Declaration to accommodate
certain requirements of the Federal Housing Administration and the Veterans Administration;
and
WHEREAS, this Amendment has been approved by majority vote of the Owners;
NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Declaration is hereby amended as follows,
with all capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein having the meaning set forth in the
Declaration:
1.
The following is hereby inserted at the end of Article XIII, Section 1 of the
Declaration:
As long as there is a Class B membership, the following actions will require the
prior approval of the Federal Housing Administration or the Veterans
Administration: Annexation of additional properties, dedication of Common
Area, and amendment of this Declaration.
2.
Except as expressly amended hereby, the Declaration shall remain in full force
and effect and is hereby ratified and affirmed.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Amendment as of
the day and year first above written.
By: with
Community Development, 11C
Title:
Chref Manager
Percentage Ownership: 27%
STATE OF TENNESSEE
COUNTY OF
Personally appeared before me,
Angelene Satterfield Notary Public,
Aluin D. Hale
, with whom I am personally acquainted, and who
acknowledged that he/she executed the foregoing instrument for the purposes therein contained
and who further acknowledged that he is Chanager of Community Development,199 a
Tennessee limited liability Company and is authorized to execute this instrument on behalf of said
Company
.
WITNESS my hand, at office, this 5th day of June

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Amendment as of
the day and year first above written.
HALO Properties, 111
By: with
Title: Chref Manager
Percentage Ownership: 48%
STATE OF TENNESSEE
COUNTY OF
Personally appeared before me, Angelene Salterfield, Notary Public,
Aluin O. Hale
, with whom I am personally acquainted, and who
acknowledged that he/she executed the foregoing instrument for the purposes therein contained
and who further acknowledged that he is Chimanagur of HACO Properties, LCC , a
Tennessee Limited Ciability Comp mpa and is authorized to execute this instrument on behalf of said
Company
.
WITNESS my hand, at office, this 5th day of June