EIGHTH AMENDMENT TO
DECLARATION OF COVENANTS
CONDITIONS AND RESTRICTIONS
THIS EIGHTH AMENDMENT TO DECLARATION OF COVENANTS,
CONDITIONS AND RESTRICTIONS, hereinafter referred to as the "Eighth
Amendment", set forth and entered into as of this the 4th day of January, 2005.
WITNESSETH
WHEREAS, Halo Properties LLC, a Tennessee limited liability company, was
appointed Successor Declarant for Winston Hills Subdivision by instrument recorded in
WHEREAS, the Successor Declarant owns certain property in Hendersonville,
Sumner County, Tennessee, shown on the plats of Winston Hills recorded in the
Register's Office of Sumner County, Tennessee, which property that has been developed
as Winston Hills Subdivision pursuant to that certain Declaration of Covenants,
Conditions and Restrictions recorded in Record Book 982, page 242, Register's Office of
Sumner County, Tennessee, (hereinafter referred to as the "Original Declaration") and
First Amended Declaration of Covenants, Conditions and Restrictions recorded in Record
Book 1025, page 799, said Register's Office ( hereinafter referred to as First Amended
Declaration) and Second Amended Declaration of Covenants, Conditions and
Restrictions recorded in Record Book 1488, page 509, said Register's Office (hereinafter
referred to as Second Amended Declaration) and Third Amendment to Declaration of
Covenants, Conditions and Restrictions recorded in Record Book 1488, page 554, said
Register's Office (hereinafter referred to as Third Amendment); and Fourth Amendment
to Declaration of Covenants, Conditions and Restrictions recorded in Record Book 1764,
page 658, said Register's Office; and Fifth Amendment to Declaration of Covenants,
Conditions and Restrictions recorded in Record Book 1894, page 667, said Register's
Office; and Sixth Amendment to Declaration of Covenants, Conditions and Restrictions
recorded in Record Book 2141, page 614, said Register's Office ; and Seventh
Amendment to Declaration of Covenants, Conditions and Restrictions recorded in Record
Book 216 9, page 749 said Register's Office, said Original Declaration, First Amended
Declaration, Second Amended Declaration, Third Amendment, Fourth Amendment, Fifth
Amendment, Sixth Amendment and Seventh Amendment are hereinafter referred to
collectively as the "Declaration"; and
Eighth Amendment
WHEREAS, said Successor Declarant desires that the Declaration be amended to
provide for certain additional definitions, provisions and use restrictions, and to substitute
the Bylaws attached hereto as Exhibit "A" for those attached to Original Declaration; and
WHEREAS, pursuant to Article IX of the Declaration, the Declaration may be
changed, modified, amended or terminated by an instrument in writing setting forth such
change, modification, amendment or termination and signed by the owners having not
less than 75% of the votes of the owners at the time of said change, modification,
amendment, or termination. Any such change, modification, amendment, or termination
shall be effective upon the recording of said instrument in the Register's Office of
Sumner County, Tennessee; and
WHEREAS, the undersigned Successor Declarant is an owner having 75% or
more of the votes of the owners as of the date of this Seventh Amendment.
NOW THERFORE, in consideration of the premises and Ten Dollars ($10.00)
and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of all of which is hereby
acknowledged, the Successor Declarant does hereby declare that the following provisions
of the Declaration are hereby amended as follows:
1. ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS
SECTION 1. Definitions - this section is hereby amended to add the following:
(n) "DRC" shall mean and refer to that Development Review Committee or
Design Review Committee, Development Review Committee and Design Review
Committee being interchangeable terms referring to the same entity, referenced in the
Winston Hills Development Guidelines attached as Exhibit "D" to this Declaration,
(o) "ACC" shall mean and refer to that Architectural Control Committee
appointed by the Board of Directors of the Association pursuant to Article IX of the By-
Laws of the Winston Hills Homeowners Association attached as Exhibit "C" to this
Declaration. By First Amendment to Winston Hills Development Guidelines and Use
Restrictions recorded simultaneously herewith, the ACC shall undertake all duties and
responsibilities of the DRC and shall be referenced in lieu of the DRC wherever DRC is
referenced in the Winston Hills Development Guidelines attached as Exhibit "D" to this
Declaration.
2. ARTICLE IV COVENANTS FOR MAINTENANCE ASSESSMENTS
SECTION 1. Creation of the Lien and Personal Obligation of Assessments - this
section is hereby amended as follows:
a. by adding the following to the first paragraph: c) remedial assessments for
violations of the Winston Hills Development Guidelines and Use Restrictions
b. by adding the words "and remedial assessments" to the first sentence of the
second paragraph after the words "special assessments"
Eighth Amendment
c. by adding the following sentence to the end of the first paragraph: "The
reference to "assessments" in this Article and elsewhere in this Declaration shall refer to
annual, special and remedial assessments, collectively."
SECTION 5. - this section is hereby amended as follows:
d. by changing the title of this section to read: Special Assessments for Capital
Improvements and Remedial Assessments for Violations of Winston Hills Development
Guidelines and Use Restrictions.
e. by labeling the first paragraph under this section as a);
f. by adding the following paragraph to this section: b) In addition to the annual
and special assessments authorized above, the Association (acting by and through the
Board, either independently or upon advice of the DRC) may levy, at any time, a
remedial assessment for the violation of any Winston Hills Development Guidelines
attached as Exhibit "D" to the Declaration, and amended by First Amendment to Winston
Hills Development Guidelines and Use Restrictions being recorded simultaneously
herewith. Said remedial assessment shall include expenses incurred by the Association
or the DRC to remedy such violation and a fine for the violation not to exceed ONE
HUNDRED AND NO/100 DOLLARS ($100.00) per violation.
3. By adding the following to ARTICLE IX: GENERAL PROVISIONS
SECTION 19. Leasing of Units.
(a) Definition. "Leasing" for purposes of the Declaration, is defined as regular,
exclusive occupancy of a Unit by any person or persons other than the Owner
for which the Owner receives any consideration or benefit, including, but not
limited to a fee, service, gratuity, or emolument.
(b) General. Units may be rented only in their entirety; no fraction or portion
may be rented. There shall be no subleasing of Units or assignment of leases
unless prior written approval is obtained from the Board. No transient tenants
may be accommodated in a Unit. All leases shall be in writing and shall be
for an initial term of no less than six (6) months, except with the prior written
consent of the Board. Notice of any lease, together with such additional
information as may be required by the Board, shall be given to the Board by
the Owner within ten (10) days of execution of the lease. The Owner must
make available to the lessee copies of the Declaration, Bylaws, and the rules
and regulations.
(c) Compliance with Declaration, Bylaws and Rules and Regulations. Every
Owner shall cause all occupants of his or her Unit to comply with the
Declaration, Bylaws, and the rules and regulations adopted pursuant thereto,
and shall be responsible for all violations and losses to the Common Areas
caused by such occupants, notwithstanding the fact that such occupants of a
Unit are fully liable and may be sanctioned for any violation of the
Declaration, Bylaws, and rules and regulations adopted pursuant thereto.
Eighth Amendment
SECTION 20. Business Use. No trade or business may be conducted in or from any
Unit, except that an Owner or occupant residing in a Unit may conduct business activities
within the Unit so long as: (a) the existence or operation of the business activity is not
apparent or detectable by sight, sound or smell from outside the Unit; (b) the business
activity conforms to all zoning requirements for the Property; (c) the business activity
does not involve persons coming onto the Property who do not reside in the Property or
door-to-door solicitation of residents of the Property; and (d) the business activity is
consistent with the residential character of the Property and does not constitute a
nuisance, or a hazardous or offensive use, or threaten the security or safety of other
residents of the Property, as may be determined in the sole discretion of the Board.
The terms "business" and "trade", as used in this provision, shall be constructed to have
their ordinary, generally accepted meanings, and shall include, without limitation, any
occupation, work or activity undertaken on an ongoing basis which involves the
provision of goods or services to persons other than the provider's family and for which
the provider receives a fee, compensation, or other form of consideration, regardless of
whether: (i) such activity is engaged in full or part-time; (ii) such activity is intended to
or does generate a profit; or (iii) a license is required therefore. Notwithstanding the
above, the leasing of a Unit in accordance with T. of this Section shall not be considered
a trade or business within the meaning of the section.
4. EXHIBIT "C" TO DECLARATION
BYLAWS OF WINSTON HILLS HOMEOWNERS ASSOCIATION
deleted in its entirety and the following is substituted therefore:
See the Exhibit "A' attached hereto and made a part hereof
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this instrument to be
executed as of the date first above written.
Successor Declarant:
HALO Properties, LLC, a Tennessee limited liability company
By:
A. Danny Hale, Chief Manager
Eighth Amendment
STATE OF TENNESSEE
COUNTY OF SUMNER
Personally appeared before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public in and for said
County and State, A. Danny Hale, with whom I am personally acquainted or proved to
me on the basis of satisfactory evidence, and who acknowledged that he executed the
within instrument for the purposes therein contained, and who further acknowledged that
he is the Chief Manager of the maker or a constituent of the maker and is authorized by
the maker or by its constituent, the constituent being authorized by the maker, to execute
this instrument on behalf of the maker.
Witness my hand this 4th day of January, 2005.
EXHIBIT "A" TO EIGHTH AMENDMENT TO DECLARATION OF COVENANTS,
CONDITIONS AND RESTRICTIONS
Exhibit "C"
BYLAWS
OF
WINSTON HILLS HOMEOWNERS ASSOCIATION
ARTICLE I
Name and Location. The name of the corporation is Winston Hills Homeowner's
Association, Inc., a Tennessee not-for-profit corporation (hereinafter referred to as the
"Association"). The principal office of the corporation may be located, and the meetings
of members and directors may be held, at such place or places within the State of
Tennessee, County of Sumner, as may be designated by the Board of Directors.
ARTICLE II
DEFINITIONS
All terms used herein shall have the same definitions as set out in Article I of the
Declaration, to which these Bylaws are attached as Exhibit "C".
ARTICLE III
MEETING OF MEMBERS
Section 1. Meetings. The first annual meeting of the Members shall be held within one
(1) year from the date of the incorporation of the Association, and each subsequent
regular annual meeting of the Members shall be held on the same day of the same month
of each year thereafter, at the hour of 7:30 PM. If the day for the annual meeting of the
Members is a legal holiday, the meeting will be held at the same hour on the first day
following which is not a legal holiday.
Section 2. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Members may be called at any
time by the president or by the Board of Directors, or upon written request of the
Members who are entitled to vote one-fourth (1/4) of all of the votes of the Class A
Membership.
Section 3. Notice of Meetings. Written notice of each meeting of the Members shall be
given by, or at the direction of, the secretary or person authorized to call the meeting, by
mailing a copy of such notice, postage prepaid, at least fifteen (15) days before such
meeting to each Member, addressed to the Member's address last appearing on the books
of the Association, or supplied by such Member to the Association for the purpose of
notice. Such notice shall specify the place, day and hour of the meeting and, in the case
of a special meeting, the purpose of the meeting.
Section 4. Quorum. The presence at the meeting of Members entitled to cast, or of
proxies entitled to cast, one-tenth (1/10) of the votes of each class of membership entitled
to vote at such meeting, shall constitute a quorum for any action except as otherwise
provided in the Articles of Incorporation, the Declaration, or these Bylaws. If, however,
such quorum shall not be present or represented at any meeting, the Members entitled to
vote thereat shall have the power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice
other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum as aforesaid shall be present or
be represented.
Section 5. Proxies. At all meetings of Members, each Member entitled to vote may do
so in person or by proxy. All proxies shall be in writing and filed with the secretary.
Every proxy shall be revocable and shall automatically cease upon conveyance by the
Member of his Unit.
Section 6. Voting. The voting rights of Members is governed by Article III of the
Declaration. No Member in default in the payment of Assessments hereunder shall be
entitled to vote, until such default is cured.
ARTICLE IV
BOARD OF DIRECTORS: SELECTION, TERM OF OFFICE
Section 1. Number. The affairs of this Association shall be governed by a board of not
less than three (3) nor more than seven (7) directors, as such number may from time to
time be established by the Members. Each Director shall have one (1) vote. The
Directors need not be Members of the Association. The initial Board of Directors shall
consist of three (3) Directors.
Section 2. Term of Office. The initial Board of Directors shall serve until the
termination of Class B Membership, and until their successors are elected. At the first
annual meeting after the termination of Class B Membership, the Members shall elect
one-third (1/3) of the directors for a term of one (1) year, one-third (1/3) of the directors
for a term of two (2) years, and one-third (1/3) of the directors for a term of three (3)
years, and at each annual meeting thereafter, the Members shall elect one-third (1/3) of
the directors for a term of three (3) years.
Section 3. Removal. Any director other than those appointed prior to the termination of
Class B Membership, may be removed from the Board, with or without cause, by a
majority vote of the Members of the Association entitled to vote thereon. In the event of
the death, resignation or removal of a director, his successor shall be selected by the
remaining members of the Board and shall serve for the unexpired term of his
predecessor.
Section 4. Compensation. No director shall receive compensation for any service he
may render to the Association. However, any director may be reimbursed for his actual
expenses incurred in the performance of his duties.
Section 5. Action Taken Without A Meeting. The directors shall have the right to take
any action in the absence of a meeting, which they could have taken at a meeting by
obtaining the written approval of all the directors. Any action so approved shall have the
same effect as though taken at a meeting of the directors.
Section 6. Right to Disapprove Actions. So long as Class "B" Membership exists, the
Class "B" Members shall have the right to disapprove actions of the Board and the
Architectural Review Committee. This right is exercisable only by Class "B" Members
and this section providing for the right to disapprove cannot be amended without written
consent of the Class "B" Members so long as Class "B" Membership exists.
ARTICLE V
APPOINTMENT, NOMINATION AND ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
Section 1. Initial Board of Directors. The initial Board of Directors shall consist of A.
Danny Hale, Randy Hoffman and Jean Hale, who shall serve until the termination of
Class B Membership and/or until their successors are elected.
Section 2. Nomination. Nomination for election to the Board of Directors after
expiration of the term of the Initial Board of Directors shall be made by a Nominating
Committee. Nominations may also be made from the floor at the annual meeting. The
Nomination Committee shall consist of a Chairman who shall be a member of the Board
of Directors, and two or more Members of the Association. The Nominating Committee
shall be appointed by the Board of Directors prior to each annual meeting of the
Members, to serve from the close of such annual meeting until the close of the next
annual meeting and such appointment shall be announced at each annual meeting. The
Nominating Committee shall make as many nominations for election to the Board of
Directors as it shall in its discretion determine, but not less than the number of vacancies
that are to be filled. Such nomination may be made from among Members or
nonmembers.
Section 3. Election. Election to the Board of Directors shall be by secret written ballot.
At such election, the Members or their proxies may cast in respect to each vacancy as
many votes as they are entitled to exercise under the provisions of the Declaration. The
person receiving the largest number of votes shall be elected. Cumulative voting is not
permitted.
ARTICLE VI
MEETING OF DIRECTORS
Section 1. Regular Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held
quarterly or more without notice, at such place and hour as may be fixed by resolution of
the Board. Should said meeting fall upon a legal holiday, then that meeting shall be held
at the same time on the next business day which is not a legal holiday.
Section 2. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held
when called by the president of the Association, or by any two (2) directors, after not less
than three (3) days notice to each director.
Section 3. Quorum. A majority of the number of directors shall constitute a quorum for
the transaction of business. Every act or decision done or made by a majority of the
directors present at a duly held meeting at which a quorum is present shall be regarded as
the act of the Board.
ARTICLE VII
POWERS AND DUTIES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Section 1. Powers. The Board of Directors shall have the power to:
(a) adopt and publish rules and regulations governing the maintenance and care of the
Common Area and the personal conduct of the Members and their guests thereon, and
to establish penalties for the infraction thereof;
(b) suspend the voting rights of a Member during any period in which such member shall
be in default in the payment of any assessment levied by the Association. Such rights
may also be suspended, after notice and hearing, for a period not to exceed sixty (60)
days for infraction of published rules and regulations;
(c) exercise for the Association, all powers, duties and authority vested in or delegated to
this Association, and not reserved to the membership by other provisions of these
Bylaws, the Articles of Incorporation, or the Declaration;
(d) declare the office of a member of the Board of Directors to be vacant in the event
such member shall be absent from three (3) consecutive regular meetings of the
Board of Directors; and
(e) employ a manager, an independent contractor, or such other employees as they deem
necessary, and to prescribe their duties. Declarant, or managing agent of Declarant,
may be employed as manager.
(f) to borrow money for the purpose of maintenance, repair or restoration of the
Common Area and for other purposes with the approval of the Association members
pursuant to the provisions thereof.
(g) appoint the members of the Architectural Control Committee.
(h) establish, levy, assess and collect the assessments or charges as may be necessary.
Section 2. Duties. The Duties of the Board of Directors are as provided in the
Declaration, to which these Bylaws are attached as Exhibit "C", and in addition thereto, it
shall be the duty of the Board of Directors to:
(a) cause to be kept a complete record of all its acts and corporate affairs and to
present a statement thereof to the Members at the annual meeting, or at any
special meeting when such statement is requested in writing by one-tenth (1/10)
of all classes of Members entitled to vote;
(b) supervise all officers agents and employees of this Association, and see that their
duties are properly performed;
(c) as more fully provided in the Declaration, to fix the amount of assessments, send
written notice of same to every Owner at least thirty (30) days in advance of
assessment period, and foreclose the lien against any property for which
assessments are in default (not paid within thirty (30) days of due date) or bring
an action at law against the defaulting Owner;
(d) issue, or cause to be issued, upon demand by any person, a certificate setting forth
whether or not any assessment has been paid;
(e) procure and maintain adequate liability and hazard insurance on property owned
by the Association;
(f) cause all officers or employees having fiscal responsibilities to be bonded, as it
may deem appropriate;
(g) cause the Common Areas or Common Elements to be maintained.
ARTICLE VIII
OFFICERS and THEIR DUTIES
Section 1. Enumeration of Offices. The officers of this Association shall be a president
and vice-president, who shall at all times be members of the Board of Directors, a
secretary, and a treasurer, and such other officers as the Board from time to time by
resolution create.
Section 2. Election of Officers. The election of officers shall take place at the first
meeting of the Board of Directors following each annual meeting of the Members.
Section 3. Term. The officers of this Association shall be elected annually by the Board
and each shall hold office for one (1) year unless he or shall sooner resign or shall be
removed or otherwise disqualified to serve.
Section 4. Special Appointments. The Board may elect such other officers as the
affairs of the Association may require, each of whom shall hold office for such period,
have such authority, and perform such duties as the Board may, from time to time,
determine.
Section 5. Resignation and Removal. Any officer may be removed with or without
cause by the Board. Any officer may resign at any time giving written notice to the
Board, the president or the secretary. Such resignation shall take effect on the date of
receipt of such notice or at any later time specified therein, and unless otherwise specified
therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.
Section 6. Vacancies. A vacancy in any office may be filled by appointment by the
Board. The officer appointed to such vacancy shall serve for the remainder of the term of
the officer he replaces.
Section 7. Multiple Offices. The offices of secretary and treasurer may be held by the
same person. No person shall simultaneously hold more than one of any of the other
offices except in the case of special offices created pursuant to Section 4 of this Article.
Section 8. Duties. The duties of the officers are as follows:
(a) President. The president shall preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors; shall
see that orders and resolutions of the Board are carried out; shall sign all leases,
mortgages, deeds, and other written instruments, and shall co-sign all checks and
promissory notes.
(b) Vice-President. The vice-president shall act in the place an instead of the president
in the event of his absence, inability or refusal to act, and shall exercise and discharge
such other duties as may be required of him by the Board.
(c) Secretary. The secretary shall record the votes and keep the minutes of all meetings
and proceedings of the Board and of the members; keep the corporate seal of the
Association and affix it on all papers requiring said seal serve notice of the meetings
of the Board and of the Members; keep appropriate current records showing the
Members of the Association together with their addresses; and shall perform such
other duties as required by the Board.
(d) Treasurer. The treasurer shall receive and deposit in appropriate bank accounts, all
monies of the Association and shall disburse such funds as directed by resolution of
the Board of Directors; shall sign all checks and promissory notes of the Association;
keep proper books of account; cause an annual audit of the Association's books to be
made by a public accountant at the completion of each fiscal year; and shall prepare
an annual budget and a statement of income and expenditures to be represented to the
membership at its regular annual meeting, and deliver a copy of each to the Members.
ARTICLE IX
COMMITTEES
Generally, the Board of Directors may appoint committees as deemed appropriate in
carrying out its purpose, pursuant to the provisions of the Declaration, to which these
Bylaws are attached as Exhibit "C". Specifically, the Board of Directors may appoint an
Architectural Control Committee ("ACC") to consist of at least three (3) and no more
than five (5) members, all of whom shall be appointed by the Board of Directors. The
ACC, if established, shall have exclusive jurisdiction over all new construction on any
portion of the Properties, as well as modifications, additions, or alterations made on or to
existing Units or structures containing Units and the open space, if any, appurtenant
thereto.
The ACC shall promulgate detailed standards and procedures governing its areas of
responsibility and practice, consistent with the guidelines and procedures detailed in this
Declaration. In addition thereto, the following shall apply: plans and specifications
showing the nature, kind, shape, color, size, materials, and location of such
modifications, additions or alterations, shall be submitted to the ACC for approval as to
quality of workmanship and design and as to harmony of external design with existing
structures, location in relation to surrounding structures, topography, and finish grade
elevation. No permission or approval shall be required to repaint in accordance with an
originally approved color scheme, or to rebuild in accordance with originally approved
plans and specifications. Nothing contained herein shall be construed to limit the right of
an Owner to remodel the interior of his Unit, or to paint the interior of his Unit any color
desired. In the event that the ACC fails to approve or to disapprove such plans or to
request additional information reasonably required within forty-five (45) days after
submission, the plans shall be deemed approved. Any alterations to approved exterior
finishes and elevations must be approved in writing by the ACC.
The approval of the ACC of any proposals or plans and specifications or drawings for
any work done or proposed, or in connection with any other matter requiring the approval
and consent of the ACC, shall not be deemed to constitute a waiver of any right to
withhold approval or consent as to any similar proposals, plans and specifications,
drawings, or matters whatever subsequently or additionally submitted for approval or
consent.
The ACC may authorize variances from compliance with any of the provisions of its
guidelines and procedures when circumstances such as topography, natural obstructions,
hardship, aesthetic, or environmental considerations require, but only in accordance with
duly adopted rules and regulations. Such variances may only be granted, however, when
unique circumstances dictate and no variance shall (a) be effective unless in writing, (b)
be contrary to the restrictions set forth in the body of the Declaration, or (c) estop the
Committee from denying a variance in other circumstances. For purposes of this Section,
the inability to obtain approval of any governmental agency, the issuance of any permit,
or the terms of any financing shall not be considered a hardship warranting a variance.
ARTICLE X
BOOKS AND RECORDS
The books, records and papers of the Association shall at all times, during reasonable
business hours, be subject to inspection by any Member. The Declaration, the Articles of
Incorporation, and the Bylaws of the Association shall be available for inspection by any
Member at the principal office of the Association, where copies may be purchased at
reasonable cost.
ARTICLE XI
ASSESSMENTS
The Declaration provides for the obligation of Members to pay to the Association annual
assessments, special assessments and remedial assessments, all of which are secured by a
continuing lien upon the property against which the assessment is made. Any
assessments which are not paid in full within thirty (30) days after the due date are in
default and shall bear interest as provided in the Declaration. The Association may bring
an action for collection as provided for in the Declaration, and any costs associated
therewith shall be added to the amount of the assessment and interest. There may be no
waiver of assessments provided for herein by non-use of the Common Area or
abandonment of a Lot or Unit by an Owner.
ARTICLE XII
ANNUAL BUDGET AND REPORT
Section 1. Annual Budget. The estimated annual Budget (the "Budget") for each fiscal
year shall be approved by the Board, and copies thereof furnished to any Member upon
written request, not later than thirty (30) days prior to the beginning of such year. The
Budget shall provide for the schedule of proportionate shares (monthly, quarterly, etc.) of
payment of annual assessments by Members. Although such proportionate share shall be
in accordance with the respective ownership in the Common Area and Common
Elements, the Board may determine different allocations with respect to parts of such
charges whenever the Board determines, in its sole discretion, that said allocation may be
unfair. Allocations shall be applied uniformly to all Members of like situations and shall
be final and binding upon all parties. In the event that the Board shall not approve an
annual budget or fail to determine the assessments for any year, or shall be delayed in
doing so, each Member shall continue to pay the amount of their respective assessments
as last determined until such time as they are notified of the new budget/assessments by
the Board.
Section 2. Partial Year or Month. For the first fiscal year, the annual budget shall be
approved by the First Board. If such first fiscal year, or any succeeding fiscal year shall
be less than a full year, then the assessments for each Member shall be proportionate to
the number of months and days covered by said Budget. Commencing with the date of
occupancy of its Unit, each Member shall pay assessments for the following period or
fraction of a period, which assessment shall be in proportion to ownership interest in the
Common Area or Common Elements and the number of months and days covered by the
current Budget, and which assessment shall be computed by the Board.
Section 3. Annual Report. Within forty-five (45) days after the end of each fiscal year
covered by the Budget, or as soon thereafter as shall be practicable, the Board shall cause
to be made available to any Member requesting same in writing, a statement for such year
so ended, showing the receipts and expenditures and such other information as the Board
may deem desirable.
Pa3e 763
Section 4. Supplemental Budget. In the event that during the course of any year, it
shall appear to the Board that the monthly assessments, determined in accordance with
the Budget for such year, are insufficient or inadequate to cover the expenses of the
Association for the remainder of the year, then the Board shall prepare and approve a
supplemental budget covering the estimated deficiency, copies of which supplemental
budget shall be made available to each Member upon written request, and assess a special
assessment to each Member for its proportionate share.
Section 5. Expenditures. Except for expenditures and contracts specifically authorized
by the Declaration and By-laws herein, the Board shall not approve any expenditures in
excess of Five Thousand and No/100 Dollars ($5,000.00) unless required for emergency
repair, protection or operation of the Common Area or Common Elements, or enter into
any contract for more that three (3) years without approval by a majority of the Members.
For purposes of this paragraph, the discharge of a mechanic's lien which, in the opinion
of the Board, constitutes a lien against the Common Area or Common Elements, shall be
deemed to be an expenditure required for the emergency repair, protection or operation of
the Common Area or Common Elements.
ARTICLE XIII
INDEMNIFICATION OF BOARD OF DIRECTORS, OFFICERS AND
COMMITTEE MEMBERS
The Association shall indemnify and hold each of its directors and officers, each member
of any committee appointed pursuant to the Bylaws of the Association, and the Board,
against all contractural and other liabilities to others arising out of contracts made by or
other acts of such directors, Board, officers or committee members, on behalf of the
Members or arising out of their status as directors, Board, officers, or committee
members, unless any such contract or act shall have been made in clear violation of the
Declaration of these By-Laws, or fraudulently or with gross negligence or criminal intent.
This indemnification shall include indemnification against all costs and expenses
(including, but not limited to, counsel fees, amounts of judgments paid and amounts paid
in settlement) reasonably incurred in connection with the defense of any claim, action,
suit or other proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or other, in which any
such director, officer, Board or committee member may be involved by virtue or such
persons being or having been such director, officer, Board or committee member;
provided, however, that such indemnity shall not be operative with respect to: (a) any
matter as to which such person is finally adjudged to be liable for gross negligence or
fraud in the performance of their duties as such director, officer, Board or committee
member; or (b0 any matter settled or compromised, unless, in the opinion of independent
counsel selected by or in a manner determined by the Board, there is not reasonable
grounds for such persons being adjudged liable for criminal acts, or clearly violating the
Declaration or these By-Laws, or for gross negligence or fraud in the performance of
their duties as such director, officer, Board or committee member. Expenses incurred in
defending a civil or criminal action, suit of proceeding may be paid by the Association in
advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding as authorized by the
Board of Directors in the specific case, upon receipt of an undertaking satisfactory to the
Board by or on behalf of the person, or entity seeking such indemnification or payment in
advance to repay such amount unless it shall ultimately be determined that such person is
entitled to be indemnified by the Association as authorized by this Article. The
Association and the Board shall have the power to raise and the responsibility for raising
any sums required to discharge its obligation under this Article by special assessment.
The indemnification provided by this Article shall not be deemed exclusive of any other
rights to which those seeking indemnification may be entitled under any statute,
agreement, vote of Members of the Association or otherwise. In no event, however, shall
this indemnity exceed coverage occasioned by liability insurance coverage, which the
Association is required to carry and maintain.
ARTICLE XIV
AMENDMENTS
These Bylaws shall be amended in the same manner as the Declaration, to which these
Bylaws are attached as Exhibit "C", pursuant to Article IX thereof.
ARTICLE XV
MISCELLANEOUS
Section 1. Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Association shall begin on the first day of
January and end of the 31st day of December of every year, except that the first fiscal year
shall begin on the date of incorporation.
Section 2. Rules of Order. Except as may be otherwise provided herein, the
parliamentary conduct of all meetings of the Board and of the Association shall be
conducted substantially in accordance with the most recent edition of Roberts Rules of
Order.
Section 3. Severability. Invalidation of any covenant, condition, restriction, provision,
sentence, clause, phrase or word contained in these Bylaws, or the application thereof in
any circumstances, shall not affect the validity of the remaining portions thereof or the
application thereof, which shall remain in full force and effect.
Section 4. Gender and Grammar. The singular wherever used herein shall be
construed to mean the plural when applicable, and the necessary grammatical changes
required to make the provisions hereof apply either to corporations or individuals, male
or female, shall in all cases be assumed as though in each case fully expressed.
Section 5. Notices. Any notice required to be sent to the Owner of any Lot pursuant to
any provision of the Declaration or these Bylaws shall be served by personal delivery or
by depositing such notice in the mails, postage prepaid, regular mail, addressed to an
owner, at such address as such Owner may have designated to the Association, or if no
other address has been designated then at the address of such Owner's Lot. Such service
shall be deemed sufficient, and the date of service shall be the date of mailing. The
transaction of any meeting of the Board of Directors, however called and noticed or
wherever held, shall be as valid as though taken at a meeting duly held after regular call
and notice if (a) a quorum is present, and (b) either before or after the meeting each of the
directors not present signs a written waiver of notice, a consent to the holding of the
meeting, or an approval of the minutes. The waiver need not specify the purpose of the
meeting. Notice of a meeting shall also be deemed given to any director who attends the
meeting without protesting before or at its commencement about the lack of adequate
notice.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we, being all of the directors of WINSTON HILLS
HOMEOWNER'S ASSOCIATION, INC., have hereunto set our hands this 3th day of
January 2005

CERTIFICATION
I, the undersigned, do hereby certify:
THAT I am the duly elected and acting secretary of Winston Hills Homeowner's
Association, Inc., a Tennessee corporation, and
THAT the foregoing Bylaws constitute the original Bylaws of said Association, as duly
adopted at a meeting of the Board of Directors thereof, held on the 4th day of January,
2005.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I KEAR have hereunto subscribed my name and affixed seal of said
Association this 4th day of January, 2005.
, Secretary